I have been playing with several algorithms.

The `train.py` uses sklearn to classify. I tried several different
algorithms (logistic regression, random forest, and xgboost). It turns
out that this style of machine learning does NOT work well for what I
am trying to accomplish. This expects that it would have seen every
artist and album before, which isn't going to be the case.

Also, I found that random_forest takes a long time, and that xgboost
did the best for larger training data.

While this won't work well for things like artist and album, it DOES
work GREAT for classification like vinyl, cassette, and cd!

I then moved on to NER (Named Entity Recognition). This seems to be
closer to what I want and seems to find patterns in input to extract.

However, there is some issues with it:

1. The output MUST exist in the input. This includes capitalization!
1. Because the output must exist in the input, it utterly fails at
classification, like seeing DigiPak and outputting CD.
1. This fails at things like s/t and converting that to the actual
title of the band.

That said, I believe this is going to work well for artist, album, and
extra information. However, the data has to be normalized before
processing (lowercasing), and then de-normalised after prediction
(upcase words, which may not be correct for bands like BORNE). Also,
if we want to handle things like s/t, we'll have to write our own
mappers for them.

Currently, there is `ner-train.py` which does the initial training on
`training.csv`. I also have `ner-train-more.py` which takes the
existing training model and adds new training to it (which is great if
something is wrong, I can quickly train it). Then there is
`ner-predict.py` which loads the model and does a prediction.

For NER, I think I am goint to actually create 4 models: 1 for artist,
1 for album, 1 for format, and 1 for extra info. This is all in the
`v2` directory.

Note, NER MUST have the string in the original description. So, my
plan is to extract the format, then use a sepreate classifier to take
all possible formats and convert them into my standard list.